ladies and gentlemen boys and girls from
around the world I am proud to present
the second annual battle war
today we have the best fighters from
around the world who will win the good
guys or the bad guys we shall soon find
out it's show time the first battle of
the night is between Donatello and
shredder are you two ready yeah we're
ready fight it looks like Donatello has
himself in a knot can the shredder be
damned I'm gonna beat you and the winner
is Donatello and the next battle is
between Robin and mr. freeze
are you two ready I'm ready let's go can
mr. freeze get back up and he's getting
up slowly mr. freeze is actually going
to pick up Robin oh come on Robin you
can do it
and Robin appears to get up slowly
I'm gonna freeze you Robin I can't
believe it
Robins frozen the next battle is a
rematch between Hulk and Bane that makes
Hulk angry when Hulk is angry he sure is
angry
he's picking up pain this battle is
going out of the ring once again one two
three and it's over Hulk is the official
winner how do you feel Hulk I'm still
angry
oh no he's picking up the ring huh
the next battle is between Luke
Skywalker and Darth Vader I sent a
lightsaber battle and the battles on
Luke I am your father no that's my
father where and the winner is Luke
Skywalker and now for the final battle
of the night Batman vs. the Joker
are you ready Batman I'm ready are you
ready Joker yeah I'm ready then battle
can the Joker win one too
Bane come on tag team Robin you can be
my tag team partner I should be able to
thumb out with this that's better
now this has turned into a tag-team
battle ha ha we win Shh
not this time the first team to get on
their feet wins
aah can Batman do it and he does it the
good guys win thanks for watching
another battle Wars everyone we'll see
you next time
you